that the United States stands with
Israel we will not ever fail to have
their back we'll make sure that they
have the help their Citizens need and
they can continue to defend themselves
you know the world's seen appalling
images thousands of rockets in the space
of hours raining down on Israeli cities
I got up this morning started this at
7:3 8:00 my calls Hamas terrorist
Crossing in Israel killing not only
Israeli soldiers but Israeli civilians
in the street in their homes innocent
people murdered wounded entire families
taken hostage by Hamas just days after
Israel Mark the holiest of days in the
Jewish calendar is
unconscionable you know when I spoke
with prime minister Netanyahu this
morning I told him the United States
stands with the people of Israel in the
face of these terrorist assaults Israel
has the right to defend itself and its
people full
stop there's never justification for
terrorist attacks and my
administration's support for Israel's
security is Rock Solid and unwavering
let me say this as clearly as I can this
is not a moment for any party hostile to
Israel to exploit these attacks to seek
Advantage the world is
watching I've also been in contact with
the King of Jordan spoken with members
of Congress directed my National
Security team to engage with their
Israeli counterparts military to
Military Intelligence to intelligence
dipl Diplomat to Diplomat to make sure
Israel has what it needs I've also
directed my team to remain in constant
contact with leaders throughout the
region including Egypt turkey cter Saudi
Arabia Jordan Oman the UAE as well as
our European partners and the
Palestinian
Authority it's also a terrible strategy
on a human level it's hurting innocent
people seeing the lives that have been
broken by this the family's torn apart
it's heartbreaking and Jill and I are
praying for those families who've been
impacted by this violence we grieve with
those who have lost their loved ones
lost a piece of their
soul we have hoped for Swift recovery
for many who have been wounded but we're
going to remain in close touch with
prime minister I personally am going to
remain in close contact with prime
minister Netanyahu as this situation
continues to develop and let there be no
mistake the United States stands with
the state of Israel just we have from
the moment the United States became the
first nation to recognize Israel 11
minutes after its founding 75 years ago
thank you very much